Merge `Bundle` as subclass of `SampledFromStrategy` (#4084)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: minor

> This release merges :class:`hypothesis.stateful.Bundle` as subclass of :class:`hypothesis.strategies.SampledFromStrategy`, 
> bringing support for ``consumes(some_bundle).filter(...)`` and improved `filter` and `map` 
> capabilities for stateful tests. (:issue:`3944`)
> 
> Thanks to Reagan Lee for this feature!

Reviewer: The `SampledFromStrategy` class is a private implemenation detail, so I'd write this as:

```suggestion
This release changes :class:`hypothesis.stateful.Bundle` to use the internals of
:func:`~hypothesis.strategies.sampled_from`, improving the `filter` and `map` methods.
In addition to performance improvements, you can now ``consumes(some_bundle).filter(...)``!

Thanks to Reagan Lee for this feature (:issue:`3944`).
```
